Okay. Now, we've got the whole Docker file build,
everything's working and we're ready to get it running.
So what I'm going to do, is I'm going to look at
this run docker steps file that I've got here.
So one of the things that we can do here
is make sure that we build the Docker image locally.
So this is very similar to what we've done in another lesson.
Let's go ahead and build that.
Docker build dash, dash tag equals API, so I'm going to tag it as API.
I'm going to build locally this Docker image that we just went through configuring.
Okay. Great. Now, we've been able to load and build the image locally,
and you can see it's successfully built with this unique cache
and also the successful tag message.
Now, let's look at our run script again and see what's next.
The next thing we want to do is we want to run Docker image at last to verify,
that Docker image is located locally in my build directory.
I can see that it is actually called API and actually it's created 27 seconds ago.
Perfect. Next, if we look at the build script here.
The final step is actually to run the container
and make sure that it can actually be deployed locally.
So I'm going to go through and do docker run.
I'm a run and connect the two ports together and have them exposed via this API.
We go docker run.
Now, we can see that it's running on port 5001.
Great. Now, that we've been able to get this running.
I'm going to go over to a web browser
and verify that I can look at the API documentation.
If you remember this is running swagger.
So I can go through and I can look at all the routes
and actually explore the application.
Again, this will be running locally for my container,
so I'm going to go and toggle over there.
Now, if I go through and I refresh this,
you can see that it shows the two routes that are set up in this application.
One of them is API F-U-N-C-K or API funcs.
It shows me all the functions are plugins that we've got available.
I'm going to click " Get".
Now, I can actually try out this API if I want.
It gives me the description of what it says.
It says, ''Return list of appliable functions.''
Great. I'm going to go ahead and click "Try it out".
It's going to go through here and run that.
Once it runs, then I can actually show by clicking,
"Execute", the exact code command that you would run
if you were going to run this locally.
That's one of the really powerful things about swagger.
But also it shows me that it is in fact working so I have the response body.
It shows me the plug-ins that are loaded.
So it looks like this deployment was a successful deployment.
So what I'm going to do next year is I'm going to toggle back
to my terminal and verify that actual route is in the log files.
If I go back here, you can see in fact it did call
slash API funcs and have a one to one mapping here.
Have containerized my existing application,
and I can verify that it works in a web browser.
So we're essentially ready to go.
The last thing that you may want to do is go through and do a load test
or some performance test to make sure that this is working.
But in general, the application is ready for production.